Reapply "VACMS-16853: next build branches ftw (#17154)" (#17261) (#17285)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-cms: READMES/cms-content-release.md

For more information on creating or releasing content from a preview environment, see [Environments](./environments.md).

### Next Build Releases

> The upcoming static frontend "next-build" can be rebuilt using different versions of next-build and vets-website. It

Author: I'm fine with whatever changes would best reflect what is happening when the form gets saved. I know @timcosgrove made updates to the language and I think I kept them all, but maybe I did not.

For more information on creating or releasing content from a preview environment, see [Environments](./environments.md).

### Next Build Releases

The upcoming static frontend "next-build" can be rebuilt using different versions of next-build and vets-website. It
is a simpler process than the current content-build workflow.

1. Go to "/admin/content/deploy/next".
2. If the form elements are disabled, then a lock file exists preventing another build from being triggered. You
   can skip to step #6.
2. Choose a version for next-build or leave at default.

> 3. Choose a version for vets-website or leave at default. When content-build is releasing, these form fields might

Reviewer: Do we know why this locking happens on the next-build form? Can we prevent it?

   be disabled. We can't change the vets-website version while another frontend build is running.

> 4. Click "Release Content" to set the versions of next-build and vets-website as well as write a "buildrequest" file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click "Restart Next Build Server" to set the versions of next-build and vets-website as well as write a "buildrequest" file.
```

5. A `scripts/queue_runner/next_queue_runner.sh` script continuously runs in the background looking for the
   "buildrequest" file and then start a build if found. Locally, the script has to be triggered manually. See the
   [caveats](#caveats) section for more information.

> 6. Back on "/admin/content/deploy/next" you can view the build log via a link in the "Status" section of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Back on "/admin/content/deploy/next" you can view the server restart log via a link in the "Status" section of the
```

   "Next Build Information" block.

> 7. Once the build completes no new build will be triggered until you click to release content again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Once the restart completes no new restart will be triggered unless you request another restart.
```
